hey guys welcome to lingo marina i know
that the phrase that you love a lot
i love it a lot the phrase sounds like i
think i think
i think i want to invite you to dinner i
think the weather is amazing
i think this is great repeating the same
phrase over and over again
doesn't make your speech more beautiful
it just makes a little more boring
especially when you're writing something
like if you're writing an essay for your
toefl if the only phrase they use in
your essay is i think
you will get a lower grade because test
makers want to see a more diversified
speech
and even if you're just chatting to your
friends you know i think
i think it's really somewhere in between
are you sure
or you think it's wrong like where is
the emotion so the goal of this class
is to add emotion to your language we're
gonna talk about phrases that you can
use to replace
i think so if you're interested continue
watching this video
first of all i'm gonna start with
phrases that you can use when you are
sure about something
so instead of saying i think i made a
right decision
because i think it's like 70
right the right decision maybe 60 when
will you say i'm sure
i made the right decision that's like 90
sure i'm sure
or if you say i'm absolutely sure i made
the right decision that's like 100
it just shows your level of confidence
it's completely different from
i think i made the right decision i'm
absolutely sure
another phrase is no doubt no doubt
we will win this and it's again no like
i think we will win this
you're like cheering your team up no no
doubt will win this
you're completely sure no doubt the next
phrase is i'm certain
i'm certain you can make it again when
you're helping someone when you're
trying to cheer someone up saying
i think you can do it you're like 60
sure that he can do it
but saying i'm certain you can do it
that
makes that person think that you believe
in them
i'm certain another phrase that is also
very common
is i am positive i am positive this is
the right thing to do
i'm positive the informal way of saying
that you're confident about something
is to say i bet i bet you're the one who
stole her money
i bet you're gonna learn english very
fast
i bet when you're not completely certain
you can use other phrases instead of i
think but i think
is exactly where we are right now you're
not completely certain
but replacing i think will just make
your speech more diversified
i guess well i guess you're right
i guess i'm not quite sure
i'm not quite sure about this i don't
think i want to come
i'm not quite sure i suppose is very
similar to i think
i suppose if you have some information
about something but you're not 100
sure or if you just want to sound more
polite you can say
as far as i know like somebody tells you
this is green and you say as far as i
know
this is blue and turkeys whatever
as far as i know or if i'm not mistaken
this is blue so you're kind of not
saying no no no no this is blue you're
wrong you're saying
if i'm not mistaken this is blue if i'm
not mistaken
as far as i know she won't be able to
come to the party
if i'm not mistaken her train arrives at
9 pm it's going to be too late
the next phrase is usually used in a
form of sentence
correct me if i'm wrong but i thought
that was blue
and generally would also make this
question negative
correct me if i'm wrong but isn't he
supposed to be here at 5 00 pm
correct me if i'm wrong i have a feeling
there's another phrase that you can use
it just implies that
you trust your feelings more than your
knowledge or this is just the way it
sounds
i have a feeling we've made the right
decision here i have a feeling
and the last phrase here is more formal
to the best
of my knowledge to the best of my belief
to the best of my knowledge
your strategy wouldn't work here the
best of my knowledge
now let's look at some phrases that you
can use to express your opinion about
something
instead of saying i think all the time
by the way these phrases are
super useful for all the essays that
you're gonna write for
all the tests that you're gonna take
because test makers
check for those phrases a lot they're
called like introductory phrases so
use them as often as you can in my
opinion you won't succeed by the way in
terms of like being polite and in terms
of like culture
it is very useful to use those phrases
because if you say he won't succeed then
you're a hater
but if you say in my opinion you won't
succeed then that's your opinion
you're not pretending to be an objective
judge
you are just saying in my opinion in my
opinion
and i always want people
not on this channel like i have two
other channels where i have some haters
on this channel you guys are amazing
but on some other channels when people
criticize me for something
i always ask them to use this
introductory phrase because
in my opinion your dress is ugly that
sounds polite because it's your opinion
but just saying your dress is ugly
you can't just say that because you're
not being objective
it's a matter of taste just think about
it
and let's continue with other phrases it
seems to me
it seems to me it's going to rain today
again i'm not saying it's going to rain
today
i'm not a god who predicts whatever
it seems to me it's going to rain today
more polite and it seems to me
to tell the truth to tell the truth i
didn't like the movie
again makes it more polite and kind of
the same meaning to be honest
to be honest i don't believe him to be
honest
to my mind this is a very common phrase
to introduce your opinion
to my mind everybody has to have access
to affordable health care
to my mind and the last but not the
least again very polite if you ask me
like if you're interested in my opinion
if you ask me
i think you have to practice english
every day but you don't have to ask me
it's up to you to decide how much time
you dedicate to learning english every
single day but if you want to learn
more of english and be more
grammatically and culturally correct
download our workbook grammar is all you
need created by me
and my team language rep it is very
affordable it has
most common and most useful grammar
topics in english that you would need to
master your english the link will be
below and if you're not yet subscribed
this channel
hit the red button down below subscribe
and i will see you very soon
in my next videos bye bye